The Seventh Umbral Calamity doesn’t really need an introduction. It was devastating, and changed the course of Eorzea. In a weird way, though, it brought out the best in people as well. For Tyym, it showed how she could be even better.  

During the actual event, Tyym was still with her family, and in Old Sharlayan; far away from the actual disaster. Once the news of Dalamud’s destruction reached the city and Tyym’s family, they were immediately ready to take action. One thing that Tyym noticed, however, was how they seemed to be the only ones ready to do so. As her family quickly worked out a way back to Eorzea, everyone else seemed to simply dig deeper into their books and labs. Even securing a boat took longer than normal, as travel seemed to slow to a crawl as people seemed to be less willing to leave. Although they eventually did make it on their way, the whole experience left a bad taste in Tyym’s mouth. The people of Old Sharlayan sought to improve lives with their research, and yet here they were now, refusing to actually put it to practice?  

The family made it to Eorzea soon enough, entering a nation of suffering. Though the immediate emergencies were mostly taken care of, the land was still scarred by death, ruin, and sorrow. All of this suffering was nearly too much for the young girl, with no earthly idea where to start and how much they could really help. But her parents remained calm about it all, reminding her to just start with one person and see where their song takes them.  

Over time, they were able to cross the entirety of Eorzea, supporting all those in their wake. When they could, they got in the trenches to help clear rubble, care for injured (within their abilities), and other tangible assistance. Often, though, there wasn’t anything tangible; just despair and pain. In these moments, the family simply wielded their instruments and chakrams and performed. Many people just needed some kind of hope to cling to, and even a simple song and dance was all they needed. Just a little moment of respite from all the chaos.  

It was ultimately one of the most emotionally and physically draining times for Tyym, but it also showed her how and why she could push her limits for the sake of others. It helped her learn how to look for those in need as well, and understand that those needs may be widely different, yet always of the utmost importance. As she began to adventure on her own, she never forgot this and steadfastly kept her eyes out for those in need, even if they just needed a song to keep them going.